OSDOCS-9433-2: corrects cluster ID MicroShift (#74538)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/microshift-get-cluster-id-kubesystem.adoc

Reviewer: Generally, we would only want to doc one method for something like this. I am assuming there is a reason the user might want one or the other. Is it possible to capture that? (my guess is that maybe the `oc` option requires OCP admin rights, but idk). Anyway this is food for thought and by no means crucial :)

Author: The method is different depending on the cluster status. You _have_ to use the file to get an ID from a non-running cluster, but you _don't_ have to with a running cluster--can just use `oc`. OC is optional (but recommended) with MicroShift. So in case someone hasn't downloaded and installed `oc`, they can just snag the ID out of the file. I don't think we really want to repeat all of that here, though. It would just be noise.

[id="microshift-get-cluster-id-kubesystem_{context}"]
= Getting the cluster ID of a running cluster

Use either the of the following steps to get the ID of a running cluster.

.Procedure

> * Get the ID of a running cluster by using `oc get` by entering the following command:

Reviewer 2: Attempting to make it consistent with the other statements.
```suggestion
* Get the ID of a running cluster by retrieving the `kube-system` namespace UID by entering the following command:
```

Author: Resolving without change as discussed on Slack.
